feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-integration-with-zapier 2024-11-21 (#4017)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-21-transactional-email-added-integration-with-zapier.mdx

---
title: Integration with Zapier
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-21
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> Use TEM to send your emails quickly and efficiently, connect our service to your tools, and automate your workflows effortlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transactional Emai (TEM) allows you to send emails faster and more efficiently. Integrate our service into your tools and effortlessly automate your workflows.
```

> Transactional Emai (TEM) allows you to send emails faster and more efficiently. Integrate our service into your tools and effortlessly automate your workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Transactional Email (TEM) is now integrated with the Zapier workflow-automation software. Integrate TEM into your tools and effortlessly automate your workflows with Zapier, to send emails faster and more efficiently. 
```

> Learn more -> https://zapier.com/apps/scaleway-transactional-email-ca2/integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more](https://zapier.com/apps/scaleway-transactional-email-ca2/integrations)
```

> Transactional Email (TEM) is now integrated with the Zapier workflow-automation software. Integrate TEM into your tools and effortlessly automate your workflows with Zapier, to send emails faster and more efficiently. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Transactional Email (TEM) is now integrated with the Zapier workflow-automation software. Integrate TEM into your tools and workflows to send emails faster and more efficiently. 
```
